not what you
[Music]
think fresh Liquid Smoke they got that
derangement
syndrome I can see it clearly
now I took the anti
Christos the anti
venom my eyes are clear
the stars are shining
near H
could Dr Med the goddess of death make
your
[Music]
portions and pluck your
strings I have the key of
death I have the key to
Hell give me quickly the Water of Life I
am that
drug the death
inducer Hallelujah toxicology for AA
doya Liquid Smoke keep it moving lady
Babylon Elder
Amazon blow your mind on Spanish Fly
shining bright stars in the sky consume
the theor the Venom dragon's head
you sexual
[Music]
Venus now
tonight we don't know JW and I don't
know how far we're going to get in this
Mission but we're going to fly it as far
as we can we have lot of
interference so buckle up I've got some
great material for you and I want to say
thank you for your time before we start
tonight's Friday night hooa this is
gorgeous is better the Muse um I'd like
to say we're going to tread a little
softly tonight I feel that you need a
little a little bit of beauty a little
bit of break from the heaviness
heaviness oh don't get me wrong don't
get me wrong we still have to go into
combat we have to defend these
sources we have to defend these sources
so I'm going to bring you some more but
for you who are really drawn by the
power of mother Greek for those of you
who are really drawn by that power and
when I talk about power I'm not talking
about ugic with and with how big is your
vocabulary
you got
Jack you got Jack let's all put this in
perspective open your
ear it's okay we blasted him never mind
ah open your ears
mother Greek
Beyond reaches
Beyond just take this one fact when
somebody walks up to you and they want
definitive scientific proof of what I am
saying about the beauty of ancient Greek
you tell them one thing there's an
ancient Greek
Lexicon lexicon people is a dictionary
but for dead
languages yeah there is an ancient Greek
lexicon and what does this lexicon tell
us it's written by a dude who's trying
to capture all of the odd words in
Greek Alpha through
Omega did you
know there are more
words in
Alpha more words in Alpha
alone in a
lexicon of odd words so let me rephrase
that there are more odd
words that start with
Alpha in ancient Greek then there are
all the words in many
languages including
Hebrew
yes yes now what I have been explaining
to people and this is people want this
idea before we hit the sources tonight
I'm going to give this to you um people
want to understand how is it that the
Hebrew cannot be the original in this
the in the septu agent that it's the
Greek is not a translation just like
African is said how must that
be because of the second law of
Thermodynamics oh God this just got so
sexy I'm going to get up my whip I'm
gonna find Einstein where did you go
Einstein give me some of this who should
I get people Newton ask the ask the
who's the thermodynamic jock oh come
here come here we'll just we'll take it
out on Einstein come here oh god listen
to it listen to how sexy see this is
ready second law of
Thermodynamics over
time your existence Works to the pit of
entropy any system loses its
energy this the work that you could have
produced is not
conserved it's
lost and you
are a drift
toward complete
dissolution total
nonsense now
that is a principle of physics for
nerds language behaves the very same
way now when you
translate the ACT
of
translation results in the loss of
information you ask any
translator translation is never one to
one it's never
100% there are things that can't be
conveyed in
Translation you lose a percentage of
your energy that would have gone to work
now it goes to
oblivian you have two text are you
ready you have two texts one is in Greek
and one is in Hebrew and you have to
determine which one of those texts is
the original and which one is the
translation you have to be a physicist
when you
look line by line by line of the Greek
that in Antiquity they said this is not
a translation of Hebrew this is original
Greek line by line by line and add up
the
energy it is far far higher than when
you add up the
Hebrew the greatest example of that most
simple example of that is in the
beginning God created
uros
GA and what
happened what
happened on the Hebrew side we have toou
woho emptiness and emptiness based on
one
root W is just
end
right based on the same route emptiness
and
emptiness right what do we have on the
Greek side that score not so High not so
high do you see that the potential that
it takes to produce that result not so
high what is it on the Greek side it's
off the level it's off the God look at
her beauty look up
those oh
somebody oh what does that
mean
unseen
unseen and unscaffolded
unprepped we're talking about
transition physics
transition materials
transition okay how can we do that in
the Greek because we have the ability
because mother Greek is so sexy so sexy
you can't do that with 7,000 words all
you can spit out is fraking Inky dooo
and let me tell you something if you
like Inky Doo you can go get
bananana you can go get bananana when I
worked for the University I I didn't
dare say something like that I didn't
dare let me tell you something you
morons the Greeks are getting it through
pans they're calal
lithic they're preor garbage your
languages they
stink they
stink they stink do you know what they
are they're the ugly offs scorings of
all the
daughters Greek stepped forward and took
the first
prize why look at her ugly
sisters sometimes you have to speak what
is what is accurate
love it don't you love it oh God that's
the language everybody that we're
learning that's the language tonight
we're going to walk through that field
first I want to haha show you something
interesting I just want to flash up this
so there he is a canot you what is this
look people please take very close look
at this Egyptian monism this is the
first time the monest virus hit the
Western
world was with these
fellows right in the 14th BC 14th BC
people went monest and what did they do
they replaced
Amon as the
eighth with this
dork look at
him look at him there look at him first
of all what's he wearing
what's he wearing anyone just for fun
just for fun because we can't what's he
wearing does that look familiar chewy I
think I've seen that before I think we
were we were in a different solar system
I don't remember where it was but oh
yeah I think it was this yeah look at
see the pattern see the pattern I think
it's the same Taylor right I think it's
the same Taylor go back up here what and
who is this who is this oh my god look I
started talking about that and all of a
sudden hang on
oh my
God excuse me all of a sudden look it's
in his
kitchen yeah you don't like my kitchen
Martha Martha likes my kitchen and she's
the one who told
me get them
snakes thank you Martha I appreciate
that you were right raising them with
snakes was the way to go gorgeous lovely
lovely it's a it's gorgeous family
complete and total family love it okay
where was that picture again where was
it who's the look in the middle people
who anybody noticed the monest and the
little what is that guy does he look
like anyone I think he looks like
somebody who does he look like chewy get
oh no no no look it's the it's just the
forehead it's just the forehead people
it's not anything look it does though
little little bit it does though a
little bit Let's Get Serious hit it
chewy let's go to the first star system
people where are we coming in tonight as
you sit there and eat your dinner I hope
you're having a nice
dinner as you're sitting there where are
we going to enter in this atmosphere
we're going to enter with Abraham and I
just want you to see I want to remind
you look at the last word of the
sentence this is from the septu agent
this is from the Bible
says Abraham's a
pirate Abraham's a pirate what are we
going to do
tonight I'm GNA take you to the god
pirate I'm gonna take you to the king of
human
trafficking he's the human
trafficking
Yahoo right we got to bring in Yahoo we
want to see him we want to see his give
you his f you're going to love this it's
going to it's going to blow your mind
it's going to blow your mind you're
going to love this and look all I'm
doing is showing you text people so give
me the give me the next one um I want
you to see people the conversion just
for those of you linguists I want you to
see that Antiquity they recognized that
the Pata was the Pata right that Epsilon
Yoda combo there that's not a a typical
right right think of mes and media right
give me the next one and what are those
I just want to remind you what are
patai those are kakuro they do nasty
stuff they're Ley look at that there it
is in the plural people correct me if I
ever say leay and mean plural right it's
Ley and what else do they do they're
Lacey and they
hunt um what do they do they're hunting
on the sea hunting on the sea right so
I'm showing you the makeup now I'm about
to pull out some Greek that's going to
blow your mind because it's going to
help you to see the
reality of what ethnicity is did you
think that did you think that we would
escape a great concept like that no we
wouldn't they marked us with it people
mother Greek we love you so much so sexy
give me the next one go up
uh boom there we go okay people sit with
me for a minute on this word past I just
want you to see ultimately what are
these different groups of people around
the Mediterranean
called
Wanderers right look they translated
immigrants there immigrants but I want
you to notice at the bottom of the line
it says it's the explanation of
iOS right
oh little bit more aspiration there
heos and
what are
they those are the Hebrews why are they
calling them Hebrews because of a
language because of a language you get
it on the medical side in the form of
prescriptions popular drugs that are
used by the
IBO okay you got it who who are these
people
originally they are immigrants from
CRE who got kicked out of
great because they would not worship
Amon
naughty naughty
cretans
naughty so um
monest monest sexs are born
from
polytheistic societies that produce
civilization and those monest sex then
turn around and
devour the host that gave them
birth yes that's how it works that's how
it
works who is who is he to say such a
thing I didn't say such a thing look
what they said in anti look at
Julian right
read read the stuff it's glorious you
know I know you do you sexy lady you I
know you do okay let's go give me the
next one was that Prince I don't know um
what is this thing this pirate image
that we're working up it's the POR mous
not just the wandering immigrant right
but the one who conveys the one who
fairies the one who Fairies get you're
not you're not going to believe this I'm
building people tonight it's slow we're
building up G give me hit me with an
image chewy hit me with an image here we
go let's get into a boat let's get into
a boat right what are we doing we're
gonna go to market we're gonna go to
market we're gonna go to market okay now
remember who are we looking for on
today's Patrol
we're looking for God this is Yahoo AKA
Hashem right AKA Jehovah AKA Jo we're
looking we're
looking okay what are we gonna
do this is within the
framework of the lastic
society that we can call Members this
you know a a group a Ginos of this
lastic piracy you know the word for
finti
is what it is because of
that right your history of
ethnicity is not what you
think they consider well let's here
let's give them the information we're
going to people it's going to blow your
mind when you see that they're not
considering um they consider a group of
pirates who are uh like an extended
crime
family right
ring crime
family right they consider that an
ethnicity I'm going to show you it's how
it's defined right so
okay all right fantastic where is leer
where's Booty
daddy and
oh o give me the right where's Mommy um
number 16 look at um what am I talking
about here um look at the bot I just
want you to see what do these people own
who are operating within this ethnic
group slash um organized crime group
what do they actually possess they have
sheep they have cattle they have asses
they have children
both males and female
prostitutes uhuh
camels yeah yeah give me give me the
next one um these are the possessions
okay now of these
people who are
trafficking in possessions like this not
just humans right not just humans this
is all profit
driven right profit
driven okay and you can see by the way
the more you watch this remember Jesus
Christ God Rest his soul Jesus
Christ
himself was screaming when he was
arested I'm not one of these people I'm
not part of this
group right
interesting interesting their own ethnic
identity of the people living at the
time comes through the
text right and you look at those
passages in the Greek where it says
Jesus then was approached by the
Jews and you wonder
wa isn't he
considered
Jewish
yeah Remember by this time by the time
Jesus Christ is doing his thing Judaism
is only only a century or two old right
it's only a century or two
[Music]
old the
development of
monism within the
bosom of polytheistic
civilization is an
inevitability the question is will you
fight
it will your body be the
virus or will it kill
you now the Egyptians thanks to the
thanks to the bad tayor of
aanan um they lost the battle they came
in they
liberated Egyptian Justin Bieber I'm
sorry they Liber it's not funny it's not
funny how does he laugh at such things
good gracious they liberated him right
um qu L right as soon as aon's gone they
were like no forget you this is not I am
not
T I am dudun
Amon you can suck it right um back the
correction was back to all of the gods
that bring things like
justice right all of that gets
suspended when you get a monest
society right
fantastic fantastic okay let's keep
going let's work a little bit deeper
I've got some exciting um stuff what are
these societies doing I want you to look
at this Greek word sabad
zen is this the word that you've heard
Sabbath from yes it is before there is a
Sabbath that you know is a Sabbath there
is
sabad and what is that it's to do Eve
baby it's to what look at that Greek
word underneath
thaten right you hear Eve in there right
I want to be Eve I want to Eve everybody
around me don't you and what does that
mean means to be B
bin right it's
bin okay so when you mean when you hear
the word Sabbath somebody says this
sabbath you know that person talking is
the
descendant of
somebody who was a
polytheist who
woried the mystery of bakus you mean
Jehovah is an offshoot of the worship of
bakus yes
yes and am I the one saying that no
people stop it with your stop it your
butes must be spanked if you think for a
minute that the cart comes before the
horse yeah all right all right here we
go we've got to keep the history right
keep looking it's the
mystery it's what formed you plutar you
don't believe me go read plutar he's the
one who said it I can't make this stuff
up people I'm telling you the devil told
me no money and you can't make anything
up and I was like I understand the first
why the
second and he was like because the
minute you make it up they're going to
challenge
everything right so it's got to be clear
and I was like all right devil all right
I'll do it here we are what's that say
yeah sabazius you want to see some
sabazius let's keep going oh who said
that who said that you creepy creeps
Sabah here it
is people do you want to know what the
root of the Sabbath is you're not going
to believe this this is an ancient Greek
defining odd words hisus is his name and
he says
Sabah
is what what is
AIA it's not what you're guessing right
now I know you're guessing something
like oh religious High you know um being
an ecstasy NOP no no no
no it means being a
captive you got your
chains okay there are two congregations
there's the one on Sunday morning and
the Baptist Church on the corner and you
can stand I have in the Pulpit of that
Baptist Church and you can look at those
people you can look at those people and
you can look at them and say who's ready
who's ready to drink
blood and they will smile and they will
look at each
other they will look at each other
because that is
unusual there's another congregation
this is a Congregation of women this is
a Congregation of women who have
christed themselves and are hungry for
man
meat and when I ask them who's ready for
blood yeah you get the
[Music]
mystery sitting there in your little
churches is not going to shoot you to
the
orgasm it's not going to bring
you
yeah it's a mere Shadow it's a mere
Shadow what do you get with that you get
things like phenomenon like
theologians things that are very unsexy
things that have to do with magic hats
giving some kind of special
status and by the way it's always hats
it's always hats why is it always hats
there be something else holy Cod pieces
something like that right
um You know what you got to realize when
you go to the Pagan Riot you know and
the 10-year-old boys come out and
they're like ah they start shouting and
these kids are so drugged up they're so
drugged up and they castrate themselves
in front of
everyone and throw their testicles into
the house whoever house they throw it
into they have to get them uh women's
clothing to where you got a problem she
is she now
yeah those people created democracy I
was reading the other day I was reading
the other day some things about couple
of playwrights and some of the
shenanigans that were going on behind
the
scenes yeah there was a there was a
kid um famous for where he prostituted
himself um couple of
playwrights couple of playwrights
it's all gossip from aanus it's it's
just gossip bro right they said media
killed her own children and we actually
had a and they wrote it in to the
tragedians the tragedians just to took
that and ran and we had the
receipts we have the Oracle saying no no
no media didn't kill her own kids that
was those Corinthian Knuckleheads and
that's why I'm giving them all a
plague that's the voice of Apollo do you
hear that Oracle talking that's a lovely
Oracle isn't it that's those are the
family of the Dawn
brers family the dawn brers fantastic
let's go to the next one
people people are not paying for good
sources so I want them to not pay for
good things and get them right that's
the deal somebody asked me why are you
not um monetized right no no no it
wasn't that it was somebody saying I
think it's cool that you're not um and I
you know refer you to the devil ask him
it's a contractual thing
sabazios now somebody just put that up
as a comment right here he is sabazius
what do they say sa who is sabazius
right this is before Jehovah or yahu
ever existed within the brain fart of a
helenistic
Visionary
Prophet
yeah before all of that this is what
we've got and who is this he's the one
this is the aonomus dionisis right this
is the one the the name the eponym of
dionisis right some people say it's the
son of dionisis right and some call him
sabon right the frians call him sabazius
oh isn't that nice look at that last the
frian the
FRS Isn't that cool what are you
FRS you guys are like those
freaks stop talking like that they talk
too loud give me the next one give me
the next one here it is saos and
baa okay people next time you're on your
Sabbath realize when you're there that
you're there for the sake of bakas
you're there for the sake of Marcus
right do you see now let me ask this
question let me go back blow me up big
chewy do you understand why now it is so
important that we
have somebody along the line who
produced a Hebrew
text by the 10th Century ad right we
have a Hebrew text why why because until
then all we've had is Greek and you say
oh no there are oral Traditions there
are oral Traditions there oral
Traditions you know what kind of oral
Traditions there are heay that's all you
got Jack that's not evidence you can use
in a court what do you think this is
this is science baby this is law we
we're followed by reason man we walk
around and reason's dust cloud
baby give me the next one these people
deserve it I'm going to load you with
some information this is okay this is
actually good information let's go to
this oh my God who is this who is this
no really who is it I forgot no it's
Plato I hardly ever quote Plato right
because he bores me
leas
ecas now people like to say that leas is
just a thief but this is Leos and
thieves right and other ethnos and every
other ethnos do you know what the status
of aace is that is your
ethnicity watch this watch this people
I'm gonna blow this up watch chew is
Chewy's back trying to revive 3PO um
ethnos now oh God oh people okay look at
this you're not going to get this this
is the real look what's in the
parentheses you see that F looking thing
it's on the front of the word ethnos in
Greek that's the dama oh God that's the
diama that says this word is way old
baby this word goes back go this Bronze
Age stuff we're talking about look it's
already around by Homer certainly right
talk about athletic clubs you know as
well as a nation or a people right a
Province right oh a cast a cast right so
I need you to realize that what Plato
just said in his
Republic was that those are ethnicities
your lastic
identification right that's not a that's
not a that's not a racial thing it is a
lastic it's people who are involved in
the business
getting
phation yeah did you know what getting
phation means it doesn't just mean
trading it means you the
purple you the purple and your
[Music]
student okay okay that's an
ethnicity
yep right
okay remember the when Jesus so and why
is this so special people why would I
bring you this because it's special and
why is it special because when Jesus
says in the Garden of Gethsemane he
being as he's being arrested with naked
kid he
says I am not this
ethnicity okay yeah I thought we were
all made up races and the Pirates were
like a no no no no
no right the Pirates are the
ethnicity um blame it on Plato man I
don't care right but um this will help
you to understand why people like ustus
much later are saying you know I read
the Greek he's a Christian right and he
says you know I read the Greek
historians and the Greek historians say
that um all of the early Greek were
pirates right that that was the that was
the um
ethnicity interesting it makes sense
then that Abraham is a pirate if tacitus
is right and the what we call mistakenly
called um Jewish people right that
they're if they're migrants from CRE
then they are part of the same lastic
group
all right so it's it's it's important to
be able to track that history through
the language and that's exactly what
we're doing and we're using sources that
are crowded around that first century so
that everybody sees the overlap with the
Bible first and second centuries at the
very same time the Bible is being
written there's another guy writing
about Ley and how bad they are and here
here's one example right oh
it's gorgeous it's gorgeous um yeah you
have to remember history is a discipline
right it's a Greek discipline
hisor it really means inquiry inquiry
isn't that isn't that gorgeous
question a question what is
Historia it's a question that you ask an
oracle okay hit us with a source hit us
with The Source they have everybody in
satanic congregation is like yeah yeah
yeah we know that give it to me we got
new people though people that need to
catch up give me the next one new
material here I give you new material
you're G to love it okay guess what this
is something you've never seen I
guarantee it and this is something that
nobody has ever brought to you I
guarantee what is this this is the 25th
chapter of job you mean it's only five
or six verses long yeah it is it's
really short
it's really short and there's a
problem there's one problem the
Greek says beautiful stuff that makes
perfect
sense the
Hebrew is Twisted to say something
completely
different in
order and you say What's the difference
remember the Greek has more more
information more information higher
capacity in the language higher
technical capacity more information
conveyed
right
excellent excellent so let's see what
this passage says it says you know this
guy
bad you know um I don't know is that a
common I maybe it was a common this guy
was you know talking to him and you know
he says uh you know look the one who
make I'm translating the one who makes
everything from his position being the
highest he doesn't have any fear and
he's got no reason to defend
himself right don't let anybody
think that there's any sort of rela
relation or re or uh
releasing
vacation for those who are
pirates because on
[Music]
them he
lays the
Ambush it's his
Ambush right how else how else
people okay how else I'm going to ask
you is it
possible for a person to be just before
his lastic
Lord can
someone born of a
woman go through the
[Music]
catharsis let me tell
you if this dude
darkens the moon and she doesn't shine
the stars are not clean before this
lastic
Lord and you know what you
are you know you are you're fraking
mulch you're a wave of
mulch that we're going to use in a
communion
now I want you to
look at the Hebrew hello God by the way
by the way thank you JY for bringing in
God hello God everybody God God
everybody thank you for coming to
satanic congregation tonight
God thank you thank you um I hope that
you enjoy the show I hope that you enjoy
the show and I hope you's been able to
bring out do you have any more God did
you bring I je we've got to get oh here
he is again right here he is again right
look look how
pleasant do you know what this is I told
you I told you we could do this it's a
Bible for children right it's to show
them give me the next
Source what do I have for you what do I
have for you I have for the oh oh God
this is what the lastick king does this
is what Jehovah gives us people ready he
gives us to perform
this to be lying and wait do you know
what we are we're migrants we migrate
around right and we traffic things and
one of those things is
children and how do you get children
through the Divine ambush of Jehovah the
Divine ambush of Jehovah isn't that
something what are a lastick God what a
Incredible lastick God you're going to
lay an ambush do you wonder why people
wanted to change this right doesn't
paint a historically complimentary
picture does it and as the Romans
themselves said um
propaganda right that letter of AR Estus
and all that BS about the translation
from Hebrew of the septu and then Romans
said that was BS at the time they were
like nice nice why don't you go Josephus
yourself right because Josephus what is
that
propaganda right it doesn't exist ask
yourself people ask yourself please why
is it that there are more odd words in
the first letter of the Greek alphabet
than the entire Hebrew alphabet it's
because it is not a living language it
is
revived it is revived from a very very
primitive form by some dudes in
caves trying to bring the end of the
[Music]
world trying to bring the end of the
world wait a minute did I just feel is
this I feel something strange this is a
strange emotion great is so sexy
okay get that off get that off of there
what are he doing um that's because
there's a lot of of aspirations right
there's a lot of aspirations it's very
windy and that's probably not how it was
originally spoken anyway right they
don't know right it's difficult look
even with as much documentation as we've
got from the Greek people will debate
all the time about
pronunciation right so you know that's
the way it is that's the way it is the
Greek said it sounded like um oh by the
way give me that ethnos oh we missed
something the Greek said it sounded
not Hebrew specifically but every other
language that wasn't Greek was
non-musical and terrible give me um
where did the definition where' the
definition of ethnos go here I think
it's no no no no no we're way we're
above that above that go up here boom
there it is people I want you to notice
you've heard of the division of the
world into Jew and
Gentile did you know that's made up
yeah that's made up
why because the division that everybody
is
using is
Greek and
dummy that's what they're doing that's
what they're doing it's terrible and
what's happening to the Greek language
at this time by the way Greek grows so
large she gets
adulterated she gets adulterated and
she presents in the this terrible ugly
form I'm sorry mother the Greek terrible
ugly form called
coin god god it's the common language do
you know what happens to your vocabulary
level when you make your language the
common language because you see there's
a there's a key that I maybe I haven't
told you yet but this is consistent
through
history right civilization is the
product of of
language civilization is the product of
language and the advanced language
produces the advanced
[Music]
civilization right if you don't have
words like education you're not going to
be building
buildings where you're going to be
educating people or
toilets because the doctors are telling
you don't get poop on yourself don't
drink that stuff why the language did
you think it was Jehovah no no he's busy
being a leace raising Abram Abram oh
where is he I so want to do that episode
people have responded well to Abraham
chasing
Isaac are we allowed do you have Abraham
and Isaac in here are we allowed to show
that people just tell me he's not
chasing him though he's just that must
have been what was that like the day
before day before everything was fine
look he was at the marketplace Isaac was
fine and it goes from that to do we no
she didn't bring him okay we got we got
in a little bit of trouble
for we got
warned okay um let's stay within the
boundaries give me the next
one um what do we got here oh you're
rotten yeah you know what I mean it's I
just wanted to show you some drug stuff
but I really don't I really don't want
to show you now um because I want to get
to another Point give me
the um oh here here's the no because
here let's go back here boom okay now
people um I just want you to see a
couple of terms here um if you noticed I
said the dude who is in this
situation right what is he G to do he's
going to turn the moon dark um how many
of you can turn the moon dark if you
cannot if you cannot then this is not
for you because this dude can and what
happens when he turns the moon dark now
remember this is a standard operation on
the Greek side right the Greece are
doing this all the time right now you
tell me do you think the Hebrew has this
Hightech in it no of course it doesn't
of course it
doesn't right there's even a
technicality to sapria and
skolik that there's no way they could
even that that information was lost in
translation right it's Lost in
Translation the original is way more
beautiful right because you've taken
this and you've tried to stick it into
7,000 words and that's why they were
saying an Antiquity uh no this is not a
translation so here we go here we go and
what book is this it's The Book of Job
baby it's the Book of Job here it is
okay let's see what the translators make
of it I know I've got translations
coming up yeah give me one of those okay
let's check out this one blow it up blow
it up shuy people tell me how close is
this to what I just told you then
answered bildad there he
is dominion and fear are with him he
maketh peace in his high places well
that's you can hear that reflected in
there is there any n number of his
armies what where did he get armies and
upon whom do not his light arise that's
not there how then can man be justified
with God that is totally not there or
how can he be clean that is born of a
woman oh look what they did instead of
him
performing right in instead of now we're
not talking now we're just talking about
the glory of this wonderful lastic God
right so we've converted we've converted
the meaning we're not going now to the
what is he doing about the moon behold
even to the moon and it shineth not it's
not what it says yay the stars are not
pure in his sight who is it that they're
not pure in the sight of in the sight of
God right you can see what's happening
in this passage more than any other
passage you can see how the Hebrew is
struggling to maintain a a believable
level of
tech right and yet not
represent the religious mystery that's
being conveyed in the
Greek right why are they tampering why
are they tampering the editors is it are
they the only editors ever to tamper
with
texts no no
no right it's an unfor forunate reality
of antiquity as long as we've had books
and Scrolls
baby right people will
tamper they will tamper you can pass
something I've seen people try to pass
off just forge an entire work of some
genius right and everybody reads it like
an Aristotle or a galin they're always
trying to forge Aristotle and gayen and
you read it and you're like no this
guy's a
dummy right you cannot
capture that genius you can't it's
impossible oh God it's romantic almost I
love that okay let's let's keep going
let's keep going um what goodies do I
have look I'm I'm going to pull out some
goodies here's another translation I
just want dominion and Fear With God he
makes peace in his high heaven is there
any number to his armies I don't know
where they why they fabricated the arms
upon whom does his light not oh God what
is this behold even the Moon is not
bright what what is that look what they
did they took something that was
technical that has to do with the
religious ritual and they turned it into
a metaphor even the face of the moon is
in as bright as our holy Jehovah
[Applause]
Hashem okay it's a step up from gilgames
it's a step up you know it it require
forging things requires a certain
intellectual skill but let me tell you
something compared to the original Greek
this is
trash it's a
forgery forgery and the original the
original is so much better let's we need
to take back the Bible I think we
already did I think we already did I got
the red book what did the devil say red
book Bible
I think we've got it all I think we're
good yes there it is shut up Y how long
has it been I have we checked on
y it's been a while not sure if we fed
him lately give me the next one people
are not paying for something fantastic
watch oh God I can't do this one do the
next one do the next one right one more
why did I put all these on there then
answered build a Dominion
right oh what and okay no please keep
going there's a bunch of maggots there
in the end totally loses it then tell me
how a person can be right how can
someone be born of a woman in blood be
pure if even the Moon is not bright
enough and the light of the stars is not
pure in his estimation look what it did
right it's like the translators were
playing some kind of tennis or something
with the reality you know what it's
that's good it'll get it's it's within a
box it's within a square look look how
they interpret it differently now you're
sitting there reading this and you think
you've read the Bible before and you
haven't and that I want to pull out and
give us a give us chewy some beautiful
imagery while I say something here that
I think is important
um we need to not give any ground the
reality
is in the
evidence and all we need to do we don't
need to believe anything we don't need
to follow a you know any path you know
there's no left and right right there's
just
being and as beings we need to
protect
those bits of
history of humanity and the mind right
and the beauty of the world we need to
preserve that and that is in these texts
and you just don't know because you're
not reading it right you're not reading
it and hopefully we're on a pathway to
reading it and having it impact so that
they can't take it away from us again
they can't take it away from
us what is the
real
power of classical
philology the real power of classical
philology is
knowing that put her back up there is
knowing this
individual the temple
Priestess all right let's show what the
finian is and what the finian does give
me the next Source we got to lull them
into the big guns are you ready oh yeah
now we're done we're done with that next
boom boom people what is this this is
the Skol AES you know what skip the sko
Lakes this thing just leads to
destruction it's a whole bunch that's
good people look at this here's
something pretty I wanted you to see I
just picked this flower coming over here
tonight because I wanted you to see it
look what this is this is again from the
hius and from the ancient lexicon right
and what does he say he says look um
there's this thing called Hipp
nion right ktina says you know the cyan
thing right it's cyan what is it it's a
it's a red some kind of red um thing
with which they die the women die their
wool right
right okay what do we know about give me
the next one what do we know about these
cyan women I I'm you know we're talking
about getting in to the to the cult
right and what do we know about them you
can make you know this hair dye right
this is a big deal in Antiquity and the
cians are known for this cians are known
for this and um they're known for using
a red or a reddish
orange dye they often call it fiery red
so it's got just a tinge of yellow in it
or something right um and the original
as a matter of fact I think we've got it
next I think it's the next next slide
look at this people people originally
this this is how you describe horses
baby this is wool what a b get that out
of there look at the bottom people
there's a dama in there why would there
be a dama in their wool because it's you
know old give me the next one they've
been doing this while people were
sitting around right look at this color
flame colored have you do you have a
word in English flame colored
Crayola why didn't you give me flame
colored maybe they have it yellowish red
right a person specifically I need a
bigger with red hair a person
specifically with red hair look on the
second line of number two after
Herodotus it says
scos
right okay all right they love that they
love that color baby and they put it on
their hair and on their face facial hair
isn't that nice isn't that
nice okay um again one more at the
bottom for the people for anybody who
wants to throw Sanskrit at me anybody
who wants to throw any sort of neare
Eastern language at me and say this one
was
first right I want you to realize the
Greek is going
back to the pans
this is before any of the junk that
you've got okay it's going back I'm not
the one who said that they are by the
way shout out to Al booy everybody
please go see Al booy he just came out
yeah he just came out with a video on
the pans and don't believe me go listen
to it right he's he's got nice little
short deals right sums everything up
shows you the sources boom all boy all
boy sexy stuff you love it h my de
that's right shout out for all boy come
on satanic congregation give me the next
one people look at this yeah go ahead
people look at this oh God oh God what
is this this is a line that says dude
you are after me like a lace
stay right you asked me what are you
trying to take you're trying to take my
Tyrant Hood
you're trying to take my
crown what do we know is different from
the L And The Thief right thieves don't
get crucified Le days lace die do
why because of this very thing right
here right there is a power to be
commanded by by these
traffickers there is a tangible power in
Antiquity you Rome coming right up
against it and what does Rome do Rome
cleans cleans the
Mediterranean cleans it up why because
we're
civilized right
fantastic the Romans right they they
followed the Greeks
even their alphabet right Greek woman
taught it to them created an alphabet
form they got things off the ground they
started listening to oracles and they
started building civilization they got
it and the Latin hung in there and I'll
give it the credit for hanging in there
it is not mother Greek but it at least
emulated mother
Greek right okay by the way I challenge
you all of you all of you Middle Eastern
Scholars
right Middle Eastern historians
anthropologists
linguists right I know some of
you and when I say Gilgamesh is
garbage you know a big chunk of you
knows what I'm talking about you know
you know you're right I've talked to
them I talked to my my
comrade right what do they call it when
you that comrade it's it's something
like uh you know the person that is you
but in a different field so the person
who studies magic and medicine I talked
to them and uh about the drugs because I
was looking at an Egyptian text about
drugs and talk to them about it and that
recognition that the Greek side is way
more developed right you know he was
very he was very uh you know up front
you know just up front and then he went
to the Kennedy Center he was going to go
to some big event of the Kennedy
Center I was like dude you got to tell
me about these drugs first give me that
what is it bakon what is a bakon are you
ready a tadion what is a
tadion it's what Moses
built in order to hear the voice of God
you know what they call that
Tarion in Greek
before they call it a telan they call it
a
bon you want to hear the voice of God
you go to the bakic source you go to the
bakic source
remember if you're trafficking in
children it's way better to drug
them right and if you drug them with the
right drugs to get them to do whatever
it is you're trafficking them for AK Ka
you hit him up with the blister
beetle they got the cyrion
on uhuh now you know why the
huntress doesn't let the men
go now you know why these bastards wash
up on her
Shores where the Temple of Diana is
snuggled up there in
Crimea yeah and you know what they do
they take these
sobs they use them for
experiments they use them for
experiments love it love
it the real edge of classical philology
is bringing you this figure letting you
see her because you know who had to kill
who had to execute the people that
washed up on the shore of the Mia you
know who I had to do
that she
did yeah
yeah give me the next one give me the
next one
oh
superhero um narx baby I'm gonna bring
you another word narx what is a narx
it's a giant finnel it's a giant finnel
well what is that it's the instrument
that Prometheus used to transport the
fire if you don't understand that right
or if you think you understand it
because a lot of people think they
understand this right A lot of people
think they understand it and they don't
why don't they because the
Ammon is the instrument of
Prometheus you didn't know that did you
no you didn't I can hear it right now
you mean I've written books on this yes
you have and you didn't know that
because you don't deal with primary
sources right you read little
translations that you can get here and
there that doesn't cut
it it's amazing people people will stand
in your face who'd have no experience in
these texts and they'll make conclusions
and they'll make ideas and people will
put them on mugs and in books and they
will buy them and you will digest them
and it will give you intellectual cancer
it'll give you intellectual cancer it'll
go to your go to
your growth
hormone eat it out work out it's control
it'll attack the hypothalamus and go
wait where the
hypothalamus oh God we're in that
ventricle again there it is have you
ever seen that pristine pool this where
the virgins are now somebody was saying
by the way in last episode episode a lot
of people were asking the question well
what about the Pagan thing right like
okay this is the exact response I saw
this on a Danny Jones Show right I saw
this by the way shout out shout out to
the to the people yeah who are dealing
with
the U the mess of the storm
surge storm surge yeah amazing
um but I saw it on a Danny Jones Show
and the response is well it's okay if
Muhammad you know had uh one of these
child Brides right it's okay because
everybody did it like that and by the
way you know the Christians were doing
that kind of stuff too right that's not
an
excuse and you say so this people who
step forward and say what about the
pagans yeah what about the pagans did
you know those oracles have to be
virgins
did you know there's all sorts of
accounts of people losing their
priesthoods because they lost their
virginity did you know that did you know
they would bury the vessels alive who
lost their virginity these are women who
were
sacran you couldn't touch them you
couldn't impede their
Carriage right but if they got
pregnant that's it you bury them right
Plutarch talks about this he talks about
the fact that those priestesses are
protected and sometimes when they become
violated it becomes an
issue one of the groups that is
violating them are the Lacey
why why what do our tex say why are they
doing this because if you defile a
virgin and by virgin I mean anybody
under the age of
development right anybody not sexually
developed if you
defile one of them they can't be
possessed by pagan gods because
everybody knows even the Ley know that
the Greeks won't let them serve a God if
they've been bananana so what is our
strategy what is our mono monotheistic
strategy in the Kingdom of the Lei what
do we do what do you think we do yeah
terrific no it's
horrific we Dlow them we deflow them and
the Romans are like no no no no this is
you know this is not going to
work right you have to protect the
status of the
innocent and that's why they clean up
the Lacey that's why they clean it up
it's wrong it's Pro
good job chewy good job chewy uh thanks
for sticking around thanks for sticking
around nothing can be done people
nothing can be done um thank you for
staying I truly appreciate it let's hit
him with the last kind of cold water in
the face keep going give me that one
um I just want you to see the um for all
of you who say why does he talk about
cyan stuff so much look at this word in
Greek
scas and what does it say below it for
the definition
Doos this is what people call
Doos
scos yeah you know what they call Media
SCA okay
what does it mean to scuo it means to be
sitting on that
Throne to be fumigated with the
star yeah do you see what's happened you
have a group of
Ley and you
have a
leader of what is called a
kingdom who is also attempting to make
it right
you have a single woman who's standing
up against him and she enters the Record
She enters the
[Music]
record what does Herodotus say is all of
history about where does he
start he starts with her
abduction right he starts with
that
Med right and what kind of Defense of
humanity she's putting up are you g to
let the monism destroy us give me the
next one give me the next one that's the
last one D Los they didn't know that D
Los was there okay give me the next one
boom um this is the school loocks people
hacka and or poppies hack and or poppies
I just want you to look at the bottom
look at number
three AF
afak what's a schema what's a schema
here it is here's the definition people
schema
afak what does that say a school a quote
unquote
puppy what is a
puppy it is an a part or an image that
has become a
aphrodisiacal it is the infusion of
Aphrodite into your schema or as we call
it becoming Phoenician and what is that
what is that letter oh did we get that
it's down here I think there it is what
is it to
Fido to imitate the Phoenicians
how do you mean there's a lot of thing
that Phoenicians do no no no people come
on remember where we are unnatural
Vice where is this coming from where do
we get this unnatural Vice we get it
through the drugs in the mystery
performance and look what it all runs
back to that
phix that dark red or Bay of the horse
do you know what those women did with
those horses they developed a mystery
that drove the mind of Western
Civilization you would not be here
without these cyan
women it is a fact people that the
history is way more
interesting than the fairy tale that you
were taught
through theology and religion through
monism right through monism haven't you
ever wondered why it is that faith is so
necessary we're people of the book what
is our faith in it's faith in that book
and if I tell you if I tell
you that that book is a
forgery and that it is a sad copy of a
mystery that was originally bakic and
produced by the power of mother Greek
you probably aren't going to feel good
about
yourself
now this is the reality thank you for
coming tonight and before I jump I just
want you to know that I'm going to have
an OM andu probably Monday okay so for
everybody who's following the on these
YouTube Om andu episodes I'm going going
to work on
two you should now be up to five and
six okay I'm going to push you through
five and six and we're going to look at
everything that we need for five units
five and six and then I'll give you some
time to go through it and to catch up
we'll do some exercises when we get back
when you've done it we get back we'll do
some exercise we'll keep moving forward
people are responding to this
spectacularly there I I don't know how
to count how many people now are
actually learning the
Greek actually learning the Greek right
because you've committed you've
committed right and for those of you
who've committed and found that it's
going to take a lot of
commitment when you get it back and you
get that itch right come back to it that
happens a lot mother Greek has a way
right she's there's lot to her right and
I know everybody wants to get everything
about her and you just want you just
want to bury your head in her bosom
right you just wantan to you want to
feel that heartbeat right in your
forehead I understand that for my
students right now who are those really
heavy addicts that I've got one on-one
who are just the Greek is just driving
them nuts right and they're just oh God
they're loving it it's a dope that you
can't get rid of for you right
continue continue you've made it as far
as you have you can make it through all
20 units all right it's very very
important very important to me that you
understand that um we are not going to
have a drill sergeant won't be here
tonight thank you for
coming everything that we're doing and
there's some things that are happening
that happen and they're excellent couple
of things coming up that all be
announced
um just exciting stuff and I noticed
people are keeping track of that and
everybody who's everybody who's watching
and who's you know working on this it's
getting out it's getting out and I I I
have a something so nice to bring you
but I'm not going to bring you until I
can bring it to you um it's coming it's
coming and it's us it's us reaching out
thank you satanic congregation thank you
for your time tonight I hope that
everybody here has a fantastic weekend
um even even the chorus of the
frustrated and unsatisfied take this for
me just a little sting to push you off
on the
weekend that's right and kids thanks for
coming hail Satan put the derangement
syndrome has them hooding the kids as
you know
for you die
too I'm fashion
gibit
crucify the child rapist on the
cross throwing Christians to the
Lions throwing all the
pedophiles off the
bridge fish
food have a nice swim
for your derangement
syndrome this is the
[Music]
prescription reek like
Indica puffing the death
Bubba black water freshy